What is HTTP?
            HTTP stands for Hyper Text Transfer Protocol.
            WWW is about communication between web clients and servers.
            Communication between client computers and web servers is done by 
            sending HTTP Requests and receiving HTTP Responses.

Difference Between HTTP1.1 VS HTTP2 

          *  HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded,
             it blocks all the other resources behind it. 
          *  In contrast, HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple 
             streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource.  

    HTTP Version 1.1

              Version 1.1 of HTTP was released in 1997, only one year after the previous version 1.0.
              HTTP 1.1 is an enhancement of HTTP 1.0, providing several extensions.

              Among the most relevant enhancements, we can cite the following:

              Host header: 
                          HTTP 1.0 does not officially require the host header.
                          HTTP 1.1 requires it by the specification. The host header is specially important 
                          to route messages through proxy servers, allowing to distinguish domains that point 
                          to the same IP
              Persistent connections: 
                          in HTTP 1.0, each request/response pair requires opening a new connection. 
                          In HTTP 1.1, it is possible to execute several requests using a single connection
              Continue status: 
                          to avoid servers refusing unprocessable requests,  now clients can first send
                          only the request headers and check if they receive a continue status code (100) 
              New methods: 
                          besides the already available methods of HTTP 1.0, the 1.1 version added six extra methods:
                          PUT, PATCH, DELETE, CONNECT, TRACE, and OPTIONS . 

    HTTP Version 2

                HTTP version 2.0 was officially released in 2015, about eighteen years after the HTTP 1.1. Particularly,
                HTTP 2.0 focused on improving the protocol performance.

                To do that, HTTP 2.0 implemented several features to improve connections and data exchange.
                Let’s see some of them:                                             

                Request multiplexing:
                            HTTP 1.1 is a sequential protocol. So, we can send a single request at a time. HTTP 2.0, 
                            in turn, allows to send requests and receive responses asynchronously. In this way, we can 
                            do multiple requests at the same time using a single connection
                Request prioritization:
                            with HTTP 2.0, we can set a numeric prioritization in a batch of requests. Thus,
                            we can be explicit in which order we expect the responses, such as getting a webpage
                            CSS before its JS files
                Automatic compressing:
                            in the previous version of HTTP (1.1), we must explicitly require the compression of 
                            requests and responses. HTTP 2.0, however, executes a GZip compression automatically
                Connection reset:
                            a functionality that allows closing a connection between a server and a client for some 
                            reason, thus immediately opening a new one
                Server push: 
                            to avoid a server receiving lots of requests, HTTP 2.0 introduced a server push functionality.
                            With that, the server tries to predict the resources that will be requested soon. 
                            So, the server proactively pushes these resources to the client cache